DONE - change wording: "Einheit" should be "Vortrag"
DONE - The admin should have an additional page allowing to define the "series" that a speaker can select from (L, ES, ...).
DONE - Change wording: "Serie" should be "Zug" (im Sinne von "Schwerpunkt" in der Schule)
DONE - The admin should be able to add/remove tags.
DONE - The admin should be able to set/change the tag of a speakers unit.
DONE - The admin option "Referenten einladen" should be inside the "Referenten" admin area. On top of the list, there should be the
  buttons "Invite speaker" (single invitation) and "Bulk-invite speakers" (using a CSV file with firstname, lastname, email).
DONE - Change the field for single and CSV invitation to title/salutation, firstname, lastname
DONE - "Referenten einladen" panel is now too narrow for the three input fields, the last goes beyond the border. Fix this.
DONE - The salutation shall be a dropdown list: Herr, Frau, (ohne), Herr Dr., Frau Dr., Dr., Herr Prof. Dr., Frau Prof. Dr., Prof. Dr.
DONE - In the admin option for CSV invitation there should be a placeholder $NAME that is replaced with title/salutation + lastname
DONE - In the "speakers" tab for the admin, add a column indicating whether the account has been activated yet by accepting the invitation
DONE - The admin shall be able to choose the event title (for all supported languages) which will then be shown in the title bar.
DONE - In the single invitation the $NAME placeholder shall also be used
DONE - When modifying the invitation form's text, the feedback "Einladung an ... gesendet" shall disappear, otherwise the
  changed mail address will be contained.
DONE - Sort the "Referenten" overview by invitation status => pending comes first. Secondly, sort by creation date.
DONE - der Titel der Veranstaltung, den ich als Admin wähle, soll oben in der Top-Leiste links angezeigt werden.
DONE - Move "Züge", "Tags", Veranstaltungstitel and "Phase" into a separate admin section titled "Veranstaltung"
DONE - The "Veranstaltung" part shall go on a completely separate page, accessible over a top level navi item called "Veranstaltung".
  Furthermore, some more metadata for the Veranstaltung: The date and time, the location (free text field).
DONE - The "Züge" item shall move into a separate navi item called "Benutzer". For all users, the admin can define the "Züge" that are possible
  as well as the year range when the referents have finished school.
DONE - The language switchers shall appear in the order DE / FR / EN
DONE - In the speakers view of his own presentation, the currently assigned tag shall be visible, directly beneath the title, read-only.
DONE - The event title in the upper left corner shall be a link to the dashboard for all roles
DONE - For the admin view of students, add a column "last login"
DONE - For the admin view of speakers, remove column "ldap username" (they never have an ldap account)
DONE - For the admin view of speakers, add a "tag" column indicating their's presentation's tag
DONE - For the admin view of topics, make the tag column editable
DONE - Make all admin list views sortable by column header (sort asc/desc with multiple clicks)
DONE - changing a tag in the topics overview should not be triggered by a button "Tag ändern" but the tag itself should have a pencil
  icon inside it that will allow to change
DONE - In the "Benutzer" area, the "züge" area should be changeable inline, meaning the züge shall be given as a list and one should
  be able to delete/modify/add züge there.
DONE - the latest Abschlussjahr possible is last year from today's year
DONE - In the "Veranstaltung" admin area, the Veranstaltungsname and tags list shall be editable directly on that page.
DONE - Remove English as a language from the app, leave only French and German
DONE - Add an ldap server to the docker setup, that can be used for development, add 5 test students and 5 test teachers to it.
DONE - Enhance the "Benutzer" area of the admin section and allow the upload of a csv file with user data, having columns lastname,firstname,class,username.
This is for student import only.
DONE - The app's name is "Forum der Berufe" in German and "Forum des métiers" in French. Change that.
DONE - Make sure that all students are only able to log on via ldap, if activated, or via confirmed email address otherwise.
DONE - Remove all teacher accounts from the dev ldap server
DONE - Change "Berufsorientierung"/"Orientation professionelle" everywhere to "Forum der Berufe"/"Forum des métiers"
DONE - The import as csv for students in the admin area should go in the students area
DONE - Rename the admin area "Benutzer" to "Einstellungen"
DONE - Für Referenten macht der Pabel Untertitel "Auswahlphase - wähle Deine Lieblingsthemen" keinen Sinn. Für Referenten und Admins entfernen.
DONE - erstelle eine CSV mit den Daten der 5 Schüler, die in LDAP vorhanden sind, damit sie im frontend importiert werden können
DONE - for students the login is username/password, not email/password.
DONE - remove the admin login from the front page login, move to separate URL
DONE - remove the "email" column in the admin student overview
DONE - For students, the admin overview should split the name into lastname and firstname columns
DONE - On the login page there should not be email registration for students, since they are LDAP only
DONE - For speakers, the registration text should say "Noch keine Zugangsdaten? Einladung anfragen (link)"
DONE - The DE/FR language switchers should be flag symbols
DONE - student import by csv should also have a column "password" that will be ignored if ldap is active
DONE - Limit the description of speakers topic to 200 chars, both in the db and in the input field
DONE - In the admin view of speakers, add a column for the profile picture, without a column header
DONE - Rename the "aktiviert" column in the speaker overview to "status"
DONE - Add the possibility for the admin to upload an event logo that will show up on the login page and in the top bar left of the title.
DONE - Move the tags administration from the event mgmt to settings
DONE - On the login page, there should be "Anmeldung" underneath the page title.
DONE - When inviting speakers, the admin shall have a invitation text template for each language. In the CSV file for the bulk invitation there
  should be a "language" column, being either DE or FR, defaulting to DE.
DONE - In the "single invitation" for a person, the language shall also be selectable as "preferred language". This should be saved on the speaker's
  entry in the DB.
DONE - The "language" property shall appear everywhere a speaker appears, i.e. in the admin list view there should be a language column, in the speaker's
  profile view the language should appear (changeable for the speaker himself)
DONE - For speakers, add a "forgot password" function on the login page
DONE - "Züge" shall come last on the "Einstellungen" page, directly underneath "Abschlussjahr".
DONE - The speakers dashboard shall have an introdutory text, explaining the forum's workflow. The "my profile" and the "my talk" sections
  shall be accessible via tabs, just like the "speaker" page for admins, only that the tab titles are "Mein Vortrag" on the left and "Mein Profil" on the right.
DONE - The three phases of the event shall be definable with timestamps, meaning: The prep phase starts immediately, the selection phase has a start date
  (which marks the end of the prep phase), the conference phase has a start date (which marks the end of the selection phase). Make this editable in the
  admin area, directly underneath the event title.
DONE - On the bottom of the admin event page, the phases shall still be manually selectable. Each radio item shall have the duration in brackets, e.g.
  "prep phase (until 4.9.2026 9:00)", "selection phase (4.9.2026 9:00 - 28.10.2026 9:00)", "conference phase (from 28.10.2026 9:00)".
DONE - The selectable time slots for speakers shall also be definable by the admin. Add an editable list of start/end times, having the current times
  only as a start selection.
DONE - During the conference phase, a speaker shall still be able to view/edit his profile, but the talk shall be read-only.
DONE - Make the von/bis hints in brackets lighter, not same font weight as phase name
DONE - Change "bevorzugte Sprache" to "Muttersprache"
DONE - Add i18n for the "Zeitfenster" options. Currently the label is e.g. "Vor Ort im DFG/LFA / sur place um / à". Make this an i18n key and add translations.
DONE - During the conference phase, a talks detail view shall have a room number on top. Make this a little more prominent. E.g. "Raum: R101". This shall
  go into the "Vortragsdetails" section.
DONE - Make the line spacing for the dashboard subtitle the same for all phases. Some phase description texts no longer match the phases content, adjust this.
DONE - Make email texts depend on the speakers language, adjust all texts accordingly.
DONE - Dashboard subtitles should not use semicolons. Each sentence should start on a new line.
DONE - The "single invitation" of a speaker shall not offer two invitation text fields, only one, depending on the selected language of the invitee.
DONE - If the room number has not been assigned yet, there should be a placeholder "Raum: tbd".
DONE - Add an "event manager" email address to the admin area. This address should be the target for "invitation requests" (page for speakers) as well
  as the response address for invitations.
DONE - make the set-password page language sensitive
DONE - create a test csv file for bulk-invite, 3 French and 3 German speakers each.
DONE - The email templates shall not include a salutation, thats the inviting admin's job. Instead they shall have a heading "Einladung zum Forum der Berufe am xxx",
  language-sensitive, with the event's logo prefixed.
DONE - The system shall not send an invitation to an email twice, give warnings for already invited mail adresses instead of sending emails in that case.
DONE - All error messages shall be language-sensitive, add i18n
DONE - The favicon shall be the minified version of the event logo, after upload.
DONE - Implementing the selection phase for students: A student is presented on the dashboard a list of speakers with their profile images (small) topics and tags in the
  compressed view. When expanding a speaker, the "inside" of the panel that expands corresponds to what the speaker himself sees: A tabbed pane
  with topic (left) and profile (right) as tab headings. The checkboxes (for the speaker agreements etc.) are of course not visible.
DONE - A Student can then select at least 4 and up to 6 talks. Saving should be possible.
DONE - Change the visiting order a bit: When a student logs on, the dashboard shall only contains text
  explaining the current phase. If there are things to do in the current phase, give only one
  primary button leading to this action (e.g. "select talks" during the selection phase)
  Insert mostly placeholder text. I'll take care of the exact wording.
DONE - Prepare a speaker-seeder that fills the db with about 30 speakers.
DONE - When selecting talks, students should on top of the list see a hint how many talks they still should pick. Still, they can save their
  current choice at any time. On the dashboard should also appear a hint how many picks are still missing.
DONE - The selection view shall be two-column. On the left should be the list of talks, on the right should be six initially empty slots. The student
  can select talks, thus removing them from the list and make them appear in the selection list. The selection list shall be drag&drop enabled.
  The result is therefore a prioritization of the 6 talks.
DONE - Saving is always possible, even if only one talk has been selected.
DONE - When an expanded talk is selected, it should not move in expanded state to the selected list
DONE - In the "verfügbare vorträge" column where should be a short explanation that clicking a talk expands it, clicking the "+" will add it
  to the favourite list
DONE - in the favourite list, remove the "talk count" (the students can do that themselves) and replace it with a short text indicating that
  the talks are draggable
DONE - in the favourite liste, include the tag
DONE - Mit „+“ fügst du ihn deiner Auswahl hinzu => replace "+" by circle icon as in the list.
DONE - "Über das runde Plus-Symbol fügst du ihn deiner Auswahl hinzu." should not contain the words "plus-symbol", but the actual symbol.
DONE - the language switcher buttons and the logout button should always stay in place on every page. The "back buttons" like "tableau do bord"
  should appear left of them.
DONE - During the preparation phase, the students shall be greeted and welcomed to the forum, followed by a medium-length description of the
  process. The dates of the respective phases shall be given in the explanation, and shall be the basis of the explanation.
DONE - Add a full-width banner image (no padding) to the top of the card, i will replace it later.
DONE - The selection page shall not be accessible during preparation, even if i guess the url.
DONE - On the greeting page, students shall be greeted by their first first name (e.g. Christian Peter Müller shall be greeted by "Christian"). Hyphenated names shall stay together.
DONE - The welcome text should not repeat "welcome" twice. It should say Good morning/day/evening, depending on the time, then "bienvenue au forum des metiers".
DONE - In the cards, there is still a badge on the top left saying "student"/"speaker", remove this.
DONE - During the selection phase, the dashboard card should explain that the selection phase has started on STARTDATE. Until ENDDATE they can
  select and prioritize their talks. The number of already selected talks shall be mentioned as well. If it's still less than 4, add a hint
  how many she still needs to pick.
DONE - The dashboard card should be about one third wider than currently.
DONE - The dashboard card for students should always include the banner image.